README.md, before:

# ZerzuraKit
ZerzuraKit is a new iOS/macOS framework that bundles a diverse set of methods and extensions into a streamlined and easy-to-use package. Build your apps faster with an extensive library of handy methods that allow you to conveniently manage everything from core services to a range of third-party frameworks with an intuitive and lightweight syntax.

Did I mention that it's fully documented in markdown?

Completed Features:
- Foundation
  - ZColor: allows for management of color values and UIColor/NSColor across sRGB, HSV, Hex, and CMYK color spaces.
  - ZLocation: allows for address decoding and storage of CLLocation data.
  - ZDate: allows for quick generation/localization of date strings.
  - ZTime: allows for quick generation/localization of time strings.
  - ZTimer: a more comprehensive timer based on the Foundation Timer.
  - UIKit extensions for UIView/UIImageView/UITextView: simplifies animations for UIViews, image tinting for UIImageViews, and text/color changes for UITextViews.

Currently working on:
- ZSystem, a module that simplifies interactions with device properties and interfaces.
- API call functionality using Alamofire for GET and SwiftyJSON for processing.
- Further SQLite3 abstraction based on SQLite.swift.

New functionality will be added to this repository as it is tested and finalized.

Commit message:

Updating README.md with release date

README.md, after:

# ZerzuraKit
ZerzuraKit is a new universal framework for iOS and macOS that bundles a diverse set of methods and extensions into a streamlined and easy-to-use package. Build your apps faster with an extensive library of handy methods that allow you to conveniently implement complex functionality using intuitive and lightweight syntax.

Completed Modules:
- ZColor: allows for management of color values and UIColor/NSColor across sRGB, HSV, Hex, and CMYK color spaces.
- ZLocation: allows for address decoding and storage of CLLocation data.
- ZDate: allows for quick generation/localization of date strings.
- ZTime: allows for quick generation/localization of time strings.
- UIKit extensions that:
  - Adds methods for animations for UIViews,
  - Enables image tinting for UIImageViews, and
  - Simplifies text/color changes for UITextViews.

Modules In Development:
- ZSystem: simplifies interactions with device properties and interfaces.
- ZImage: allows for management of PNG/JPEG image assets, including image conversion, compression, resize, etc.
- ZDB: further abstracts SQLite3 using SQLite.swift.

Alpha release tentatively scheduled for __July 8th, 2019__.
